[docs] Add healthcheck (#3178)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/workflows/ci-cd.md

Skaffold offers several sub-commands for its workflows that make it quite flexible when integrating with CI/CD pipelines.

## Waiting for Skaffold deployments using `healthcheck`
{{< maturity "deploy.status_check" >}}

`skaffold deploy` optionally performs a `healthcheck` for [`Deployment` kind](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) resources and waits for them to be stable.
This feature is very handy to use in Continous Delivery pipeline to ensure the deployed resources are
in healthy state before proceeding with the next steps in pipeline.

{{<alert title="Note">}}

> `healthcheck` is disabled by default; it can be enabled with the `--stauts-check` flag.

Reviewer: --status-check

If this flag is not set, no healthcheck will be performed.
{{</alert>}}

> To enable status check, use flag, `--status-check`,

Reviewer: It seems a bit redundant with the previous paragraph

```bash
skaffold run --status-check
```

To determine if a `Deployment` kind resource is up and running, Skaffold relies on `kubectl rollout status` to obtain its status.

```bash
Waiting for deployments to stabilize
 - default:deployment/leeroy-app Waiting for rollout to finish: 0 of 1 updated replicas are available...
 - default:deployment/leeroy-web Waiting for rollout to finish: 0 of 1 updated replicas are available...
 - default:deployment/leeroy-web is ready. [1/2 deployment(s) still pending]
 - default:deployment/leeroy-app is ready.
Deployments stabilized in 2.168799605s
```

**Configuring status check time for deploy `healthcheck`**

You can also configure the time for deployments to stabilize with `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` config field.

> To configure deployments to stabilize with 5 minutes use,

Reviewer: `use:`?

Reviewer: within 5 minutes?

 - default:deployment/leeroy-web is ready. [1/2 deployment(s) still pending]
 - default:deployment/leeroy-app is ready.
Deployments stabilized in 2.168799605s
```

**Configuring status check time for deploy `healthcheck`**

You can also configure the time for deployments to stabilize with `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` config field.

To configure deployments to stabilize within 5 minutes use:
{{% readfile file="samples/deployers/healthcheck.yaml" %}}

With `--status-check` flag, for each `Deployment` kind resource, `skaffold deploy` will wait for
[`progressDeadlineSeconds`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#progress-deadline-seconds)
mentioned in its specification.

If the `Deployment.spec.progressDeadlineSeconds` is not set, Skaffold will wait for

1. Time set in Skaffold deploy config field `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` if set, or
2. default 10 minutes.

In case you have both `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` and `Deployment.spec.progressDeadlineSeconds` set, precedence
is given to `Deployment.spec.progressDeadline` **only if it is within** `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds`.

> e.g. if for below `Deployment` with `progressDeadlineSeconds` set to 5 minutes,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the `Deployment` below with `progressDeadlineSeconds` set to 5 minutes,
```

## Waiting for Skaffold deployments using `healthcheck`
{{< maturity "deploy.status_check" >}}

`skaffold deploy` optionally performs a `healthcheck` for [`Deployment` kind](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) resources and waits for them to be stable.

> This feature is very handy to use in Continous Delivery pipeline to ensure the deployed resources are

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This feature is important to use in Continous Delivery pipeline to ensure the deployed resources are
```

> in healthy state before proceeding with the next steps in pipeline.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
healthy before proceeding with the next steps in the pipeline.
```

{{<alert title="Note">}}

> `healthcheck` is disabled by default; it can be enabled with the `--status-check` flag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`healthcheck` is disabled by default; it can be enabled with the `--status-check` flag.</br>
```

Reviewer 3: newlines are better with `</br>` - otherwise, with the extra newline, hugo renders a new paragraph

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

To configure deployments to stabilize within 5 minutes use:
{{% readfile file="samples/deployers/healthcheck.yaml" %}}

With `--status-check` flag, for each `Deployment` kind resource, `skaffold deploy` will wait for
[`progressDeadlineSeconds`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#progress-deadline-seconds)
mentioned in its specification.

If the `Deployment.spec.progressDeadlineSeconds` is not set, Skaffold will wait for

1. Time set in Skaffold deploy config field `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` if set, or
2. default 10 minutes.

In case you have both `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds` and `Deployment.spec.progressDeadlineSeconds` set, precedence
is given to `Deployment.spec.progressDeadline` **only if it is within** `statusCheckDeadlineSeconds`.

e.g. if for below `Deployment` with `progressDeadlineSeconds` set to 5 minutes,

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: getting-started
spec:
  progressDeadlineSeconds: 300
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: cannot-run
        image: gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/getting-started-foo
```

> if the `skaffold.yaml` overrides the whole deploy to stabilize in a minute,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
if the `skaffold.yaml` overrides the deadline to make sure deployment stabilizes in a 60 seconds,
```

```yaml
apiVersion: skaffold/v1
deploy:
  statusCheckDeadlineSeconds: 60
  kubectl:
    manifests:
    - k8s-*
```

Running `skaffold deploy`

```code
skaffold deploy --status-check
```

> will error out, within 1 minute.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
will result in an error after waiting for 1 minute.
```
